So you were in Buenos Aires for a while in Argentina.
Did you move around in Argentina then
or did you stay in Buenos Aires?
I stayed in, no, it was the other way around.
I went, when my money ran out,
I started working in Buenos Aires.
But by that time, I had already met my father's,
next up, Uncle Walter,
brother and his wife.
And their daughter had gone to a meeting
in America.
That was Uncle Walter's wife.
All right, that's Tanta Emi to me.
Right, okay.
All right, these are my two who are now 40.
This is a picture with the ribbon on the frame.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
So then you came back from Argentina.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Right, I went to Rio Tisero
to see my father's eldest brother
with his wife.
And they didn't have any children of their own.
They had adopted a girl who was really nasty to them.
For whatever reason.
All the brothers,
if you saw them walking, you would know that they belonged.
They all, as they walked, somehow a hand, as they walked,
they walked with this hand like that.
With the right hand twisted back.
Yeah. Yeah.
Really odd.
Like paddling, was it?
They all had that.
I mean, Uncle Walter, when he walked, Uncle Herbert,
Uncle Peter, I didn't know.
One of the older brothers I didn't get to know.
Yeah.
I got on very, very well with Uncle Herbert,
and he had wanted me to stay in Rio Tisero.
He practically built, I don't know what made him go out there,
but he practically built the town.
It was quite a bustling town.
He said he could remember when there was horses,
when there were no roads, and they all rolled,
and he could remember tethering the,
as you do in cowboy films, tethering it to a bar,
tethering the horse to a bar.
So you came back to the UK.
Yeah, sorry, I'm still in Rio Tisero.
I then went back to Buenos Aires,
and then as the money had run out,
I then went to work in English Electric.
And I was there for the Bay of Pigs incident.
Right.
My parents were extremely worried,
but as we all know, nothing happened.
I was there for the Bay of Pigs incident.
Right.
Nothing happened.